README.md, before:

# Khan Web Services

Khan Web Services is a modern web application offering a variety of services to help businesses grow their online presence. This project is built using React and Tailwind CSS.

## Features

- **Graphics Design**: Creative and professional graphic design services.
- **Digital Marketing**: Boost your online presence with expert strategies.
- **Website Design & Development**: Custom solutions tailored to your business needs.
- **Domain & Hosting**: Reliable domain registration and hosting services.
- **Software and Apps**: Innovative software and app development.
- **Content Creation**: High-quality content creation for your brand.
- **Video & Animation**: Professional video production and animation services.
- **Product Photography**: Showcase your products with high-quality photography.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/khanwebservices.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd khanwebservices
   ```
3. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
4. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

## Technologies Used

- **React**: Frontend library for building user interfaces.
- **Tailwind CSS**: Utility-first CSS framework for styling.
- **JavaScript**: Programming language for interactivity.

## Project Structure

- `pages/index.js`: Main entry point for the homepage.
- `components/contact-form.js`: Contact form component for user inquiries.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please fork the repository and submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the `LICENSE` file for details.

Commit message:

Enable PWA features and update project files

README.md, after:

# Khan Web Services

Khan Web Services is a modern web application offering a variety of services to help businesses grow their online presence. This project is built using React and Tailwind CSS.

## Features

- **Graphics Design**: Creative and professional graphic design services.
- **Digital Marketing**: Boost your online presence with expert strategies.
- **Website Design & Development**: Custom solutions tailored to your business needs.
- **Domain & Hosting**: Reliable domain registration and hosting services.
- **Software and Apps**: Innovative software and app development.
- **Content Creation**: High-quality content creation for your brand.
- **Video & Animation**: Professional video production and animation services.
- **Product Photography**: Showcase your products with high-quality photography.

## PWA Features

This project is now a Progressive Web App (PWA), enabling offline capabilities and better performance on mobile devices.

### Steps to Enable PWA

1. Ensure you have a valid HTTPS setup for your deployment.
2. The service worker is automatically registered when you build and run the app.
3. Add the app to your home screen for a native-like experience.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/khanwebservices.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd khanwebservices
   ```
3. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
4. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

## Technologies Used

- **React**: Frontend library for building user interfaces.
- **Tailwind CSS**: Utility-first CSS framework for styling.
- **JavaScript**: Programming language for interactivity.

## Project Structure

- `pages/index.js`: Main entry point for the homepage.
- `components/contact-form.js`: Contact form component for user inquiries.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please fork the repository and submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the `LICENSE` file for details.
